# Portfolio
The AirgeadBanking project was working to create a program that would allow a user to input an amount of money, a monthly deposit, a number of years, and an interest amount to find out how the money would acrue in the number of years specified. This would let a user figure out how much money they wanted to save for their goals or the minimum needed to put aside. 
I think the project works well and is well formatted. It does some input checking to make sure that the inputs are valid amounts of money and years, such as not being a negative number. The output looks clean and is printed nicely. 
The code could be enhanced by making it a looping question, allowing a user to test multiple amounts of inputs before exiting the program. This would make it easier to use in general. The code could also use some more error checking as it doesn't account for a user typing in a string instead of an int or double. 
The hardest part of the code was getting the output to print in a nice and readable way. I was able to find examples of formating strings and output in C++ on the internet that helped a lot with figuring out how I wanted my output to be formatted. Being able to look up and reference other projects to uwse as examples on how to fix my own project is a very useful and vital skill. 
There are certain functions in here that could be used in other projects that I used in other projects such as the repeating characters function. It's also a good example of how using math and doing certain automated processes can be extremely useful for users. It's a simpler version of what could be a larger and more useful project that has many different applications for banking. 
This program is maintainable, readable, and adaptable because there are comments explaining what each function and what each line of code is meant to do. It also allowed for things to be updated and changed pretty easily. As I said above, the code could be enhanced by adding a looping menu. The code is written in such a way with comments and explanations that it would be easy for someone else to pick up the project and adapt it in that way. 
